to court ==disaster== by using force.

/ dɪˈzæstər /

They ==referred== me to the ==Inquiry== Office.

/ rɪˈfɜːr /	/ ɪnˈkwaɪəri /

inquire / ɪnˈkwaɪər /

He lives in a ==foreign== country.

/ ˈfɔːrən /

It was a ==period== of intense activity.

/ ˈpɪriəd /

We must ==orient== our products to the needs of the market.

/ ˈɔːrient /

The ==sword==, ==symbolically==, suggests war.

/ sɔːrd /    剑，刀

/ wɜːrd /	word

/ sɪmˈbɑːlɪkli /

suggest ；暗示

He defended ==democratic== ==principles==.

/ˌdeməˈkrætɪk/ 	/ˈprɪnsəpl/

principal /ˈprɪnsəpl/

democracy	/dɪˈmɑːkrəsi/

Lord bless us.

/lɔːrd/	/bles/

统治者，勋爵

load	/loʊd/  负载，承载

road	/roʊd/ 道路，公路

The ==witch== changed the ==prince== into a frog.

/wɪtʃ/   /prɪns/	/frɑːɡ/

princess 	/ˈprɪnses/

o   ->		ɑː

fox  ;狐狸

goat 山羊

switch 	/swɪtʃ/ 	交换，开关

He doesn't mix well.

makes

He felt a sudden ==inexpressible==.

/ˌɪnɪkˈspresəbl/

inescapable	/ˌɪnɪˈskeɪpəbl/

==Sensitive== person, without a ==doubt== , is the most ==vulnerable==.

/ˈsensətɪv/	/ˈvʌlnərəbl/

sensible	/ˈsensəbl/	明智的

doubt /daʊt/  怀疑

An ==atom== is not the smallest ==indivisible== ==particle== of matter.

/ˈætəm/	/ˌɪndɪˈvɪzəbl/	/ˈpɑːrtɪkl/	

原子	

partially	/ˈpɑːrʃəli/

partial	/ˈpɑːrʃl/

These stories ==stir== her ==sympathy==.

/ stɜːr /	==/ ˈsɪmpəθi /==

Their hopes of success have burst like a ==bubble==.

Can you ==recommend== some new books for me.

commend 赞扬

command 命令

comment 评论

The area was constantly hit by ==drought==.

draʊt 

A great number of trees were felled to ==provide== space for grazing.

/ prəˈvaɪd /

guess guest.

just adv 仅仅   adj 公正的

Plants will ==flourish== in the rich deep ==soils==.

/ ˈflɜːrɪʃ /	/ sɔɪl /

thrive v 兴旺

boom v 迅速发展

bloom	n 花 v 迅速发展

sick ==/ sɪk /==

The ==ratios== of 1 to 5 and 20 to 100 are the same.

/ ˈreɪʃioʊ /   加s是因为后面有and

rate 比率 是指10%

ratio 比值 是指1：10

Laziness is the root of all ==evil==.

/ ˈiːv(ə)l /

live / lɪv /

She covered herself with a ==quilt==.

/ kwɪlt /

被子，被褥

An emotional ==wound== may ==heal== with the passing of time.

/ wuːnd /	/ hiːl /

heel / hiːl /

to award the player the first prize.

ward  / wɔːrd /

world  /wɜːrld /

word  /wɜːrd /

guide / ɡaɪd /

The ==evidence== is ==insufficient==.

/ ˈevɪdəns /	/ ˌɪnsəˈfɪʃ(ə)nt /

persuade	/ pərˈsweɪd /

precede	/ prɪˈsiːd /	v,处于什么什么之前，比。。。更重要

This book tells the ==authentic== story of a ==hero's== life

/ ɔːˈθentɪk /	/ ˈhɪroʊ /