The ==whole== of my money was stolen.

/ hoʊl / 

hole / hoʊl /

The ==children== like to dip their bread into the milk.

/ ˈtʃɪldrən / 

It's only an ==hour== away.

/ ˈaʊər /

our / ˈaʊər /

I shall ==persuade== him to take the ==medicine.==

/pərˈsweɪd/	/ˈmedɪsn/

The novel is worth reading.

==electric== ==resistance==.

/ɪˈlektrɪk/	/rɪˈzɪstəns/

resist 抵制，阻挡

The ==aircraft== is ==streamlined== to cut down wind resistance.

/ˈerkræft/	/ˈstriːmlaɪnd/

stream /striːm/

eldest daughter.

Hen's eggs take 21 days to ==hatch== out.

/hætʃ/ 

孵化

to hatch a plan .

策划

to ==court== a ==controversy==.

/kɔːrt/	/ˈkɑːntrəvɜːrsi/

招致

**controvert**	/ ˈkɑːntrəvɜːrt /	否认，驳斥

tennis court.

球场。

The form of matter can be changed

deform	使变形 

reform	改革

revolution

innovation

She was gone to Canada on vacation.

The ==island== is of ==strategic== importance.

/ˈaɪlənd/	/strəˈtiːdʒɪk/

战略上的

state :/steɪt/

He doesn't ==mix== well.

/mɪks/

makes /meɪks/

相处不好

to eat turkey on ==Christmas== Day.

/ˈkrɪsməs/

Christ /kraɪst/

His ==criticism== injured your ==ego==.

/ˈkrɪtɪsɪzəm/	/ˈiːɡoʊ/

critic /ˈkrɪtɪk/批评家

criticize	/ˈkrɪtɪsaɪz/批评

自尊 ego 

pride	/praɪd/

proud

self-respect

There in no ==doubt== that he is ==innocent==.

/daʊt/	/ˈɪnəsnt/

I want to buy a horse and ==waggon==.

/wægən/

The waggon ==jogged== along.

/dʒɑːɡ/ 慢跑，轻撞

weapon /ˈwepən/

The calculation is ==exact== to ==millimeter==.

/ ɪɡˈzækt /	/ ˈmɪlimiːtər /

act / ækt /

kilometer

meter : 计量器，仪，表

There are many books in the study.

书房

==scientific== study.

/ˌsaɪənˈtɪfɪk/

science	

scientist

She ==specialized== in ==interior== design.

/ˈspeʃəlaɪz/	/ɪnˈtɪriər/ 

专门从事	内部的

Please ==extend== the deadline a few days.

/ɪkˈstend/	

These ==dilemmas== would ==tax== the best of statesmen.

/dɪˈlemə/	/tæks/

The use of ==unclear== ==weapons== is a ==horrible== ==threat== to humankind.

/ˈnuːkliər/	/ˈwepən/	/ˈhɔːrəbl/	/θret/

ea   e

At her ==insistence==，the matter was dropped.

/ɪnˈsɪstəns/
