When the ==court== deals with social policy decisions, the law it shapes is inescapably ==political==.

/ kɔːrt /	/ pəˈlɪtɪk(ə)l /

politics / ˈpɑːlətɪks / 	n.政治

Which is why decisions ==split== along ==ideological== lines are so easily dismissed as unjust.

/ splɪt /	/ ˌaɪdiəˈlɑːdʒɪk(ə)l /

adj.思想体系的，意识形态的

I was ==dumb== with disbelief 

/ dʌm /

The flu is a seasonal ==illness==.

/ ˈɪlnəs /

The ==lower== ==valley== of the river is often ==flooded==.

/ ˈloʊər /	/ ˈvæli /	/ ˈflʌdɪd /

The ==zoologist== had to reclassify the ==mollusks== after they found new species.

/ zuˈɑːlədʒɪstˌzoʊˈɑːlədʒɪst /	软体动物

==Commit== yourself to the doctor's care.

I don't want to commit myself in that matter.

The ==lawyer== must announce that you are the true ==inheritor== of the ==fortune==.

/ ˈlɔɪər /	/ ˈfɔːrtʃən /

There is an air of romance about the old ==castle.==

/ ˈkæs(ə)l /

The report was written in long and opaque sentences.

The arrow ==pierced== his ==skull==.

/ pɪrs /	/ skʌl /

He started going ==bald== in his twenties.

/ bɔːld /

The ==masses== have ==boundless== creative power.

/ ˈmæsɪz /	

This is a ==fairly== easy book.

Teaching ==ethics== to a machine even more intelligent than we are will be the bigger challenge.

/ ˈeθɪk /

It will ==prove== to be an ==asset== to human beings.

/ pruːv /	/ ˈæset /

He did not ==subscribe== to my ==proposal==.

/ səbˈskraɪb /	/ prəˈpoʊz(ə)l /

subscribe ：同意，订阅，赞同

I subscribe to the magazine.

The organization has no ==membership== yet.

会员

==Facts== speaks louder than words.

/ fækt /

The ==closure== of the company left 500 people jobless.

/ ˈkloʊʒər /

He wants to ==realize== the house.

变卖，实现，认识到

These ==passages== are printed on ==flimsy== newsprint.

/ ˈpæsɪdʒ /	/ ˈflɪmzi / 脆弱的；浅薄的；易损坏的

newsprint ：新闻纸，油墨

film：/ fɪlm / 电影

Hold ==tight==!

adj.adv

The artist's ==picture== is incomplete.

画，照片

I gave a tip to the porter.

I completely fell under her ==spell==.

咒语，魅力

The magic spell changed the ==frog== back into men.

/ frɑːɡ /

 There is a hole in the ==heel== of my ==stocking==.

/ hiːl /	/ ˈstɑːkɪŋ /

My shoe's ==rubbing== against my heel.

/ rʌb /	摩擦

I ==threatened== them with public ==exposure==.

/ ˈθret(ə)n / 	/ ɪkˈspoʊʒər /

The ==acid== ==burnt== a hole in my jacket.

/ ˈæsɪd /	/ bɜːrn /

asset / ˈæset /

The sun ==dipped== below the horizon.

/ dɪp /蘸，浸	/ həˈraɪz(ə)n / 地平线，眼界

lip 嘴唇

sip 抿，小口

dig 挖，掘，发现

when the sun go down.

