The President has the power to ==veto== ==legislation==.

*/*ˈviːtoʊ*/*            */*ˌledʒɪsˈleɪʃ(ə)n*/*

He missed his ==darling== daughter

*/*ˈdɑːrlɪŋ*/*

I am not good at ==tennis==.

*/*ˈtenɪs*/*

Hearing ==sensitivity== declines with age.

*/*ˌsensəˈtɪvəti*/*

The puzzle setter provides a ==partially== ==completed== grid.

*/*ˈpɑːrʃəli*/* 	*/*kəmˈpliːtɪd*/*

We have to ==terminate== this contact.

*/*ˈtɜːrmɪneɪt*/*

The ==contract== will terminate soon.

*/*ˈkɑːntrækt*/*

These men were ==violating== her family's ==privacy==

*/*ˈvaɪəleɪt*/*	*/*ˈpraɪvəsi*/*

He still like to bet on the ==horses==.

*/*hɔːrs*/*	*/*ˈhɔːrsɪz*/*

The ==systematic== organization will result in better efficiency

*/*ˌsɪstəˈmætɪk*/*	*/*ɪˈfɪʃ(ə)nsi*/*

The rain beat against the windows.

They beat us at football.

==Lay== it on the table.

*/*leɪ*/*

a lay ==opinion== as to the ==seriousness== of the ==disease==.

 */*əˈpɪnjən*/*	*/*ˈsɪriəsnəs*/*	*/*dɪˈziːz*/*

He was armed with a ==rifle==.

*/*ˈraɪf(ə)l*/*

The ==soldiers== keep a tight hold of the ==rifle==

*/*ˈsoʊldʒər*/*	*/*ˈsoʊldʒərz*/*

*/*ˈraɪf(ə)l*/*

I discovered my husband ==rifling== through the ==filing cabinet==.

*/*ˈraɪflɪŋ*/*	

搜索

*/*ˈfaɪlɪŋ kæbɪnət*/*	档案柜

I'm ==fortunate== in having such friends.

*/*ˈfɔːrtʃənət*/* 

Go to the ==bathroom== and wash your face

*/*ˈbæθruːm*/*

浴室，盥洗室；<美>卫生间，厕所；

A ==lateral== move ==prompted== me to ==abandon== my ==relatively== high ==profile== ==career==

*/*ˈlætərəl*/*	

同级的

*/*prɑːmpt*/*	

促使，导致

*/*əˈbændən*/*

*/*ˈrelətɪvli*/*	

adv.相当的

*/*ˈproʊfaɪl*/* 	

侧面轮廓， 

a high profile 

惹人注目，高姿态

*/*kəˈrɪr*/*	

职业，生涯

In some long-fished ==areas== , it has ==halved== again since then.

*/*ˈeriəz*/*

*/*hæv*/*	使减半

He is an ==acute== observer of the social ==scene==.

*/*əˈkjuːt*/*	

敏锐的

*/*siːn*/*

n.现场，现状

I ==adore== the cop's spirit.

*/*əˈdɔːr*/*

崇拜

He is ==suspect== in the ==murder== case.

*/*səˈspekt*/*	/ˈmɜːrdər/

They are ==plotting== how to murder him.

/ˈplɑːtɪŋ/	

密谋，暗中策划

We are ==inescapably== responsible for our family

*/*ˌɪnɪˈskeɪpəbli*/*

